Update ModuleDocumentation.md (#57)
kevincianfarini/alchemist: ModuleDocumentation.md

// Some operations are invalid with infinite values. 
println(infiniteEnergy / infiniteEnergy) // Oops! This throws IllegalArgumentException. 
println(infiniteEnergy * -infiniteEnergy) // This throws, too. 
```

### We're alchemists, not physicists! 

Alchemist is not built with physics engines in mind. Instead, Alchemist aims to provide type safety and reasonable levels of precision 
that are sufficient for most business use cases. For example, Alchemist aims to help you model how much energy an entire country used 
for a year with a reasonable level of precision, but it won't help you model how much energy the Sun produces in a day. 

Additionally, Alchemist values type safety over modeling arbitrary quantities derived from SI base units. 
Introducing that functionality involves too many compromises and would be better handled by a different library with different goals.

> If you need to model things like how much energy your air conditioning used in a year, or how long your compact electric vehicle charged 
> with the electricity from your solar panels, great! Alchemist might be a good fit for you. We hope you like it. 

Author: ```suggestion
If you need to model things like how much energy your air conditioning used in a year, or how far your compact electric vehicle charged 
with the electricity from your solar panels can drive, great! Alchemist might be a good fit for you. We hope you like it. 
```
